last week we interviewed a longtime
partner at the consulting firm McKinsey
& Company called Peter Walker like so
many in finance and consulting Walker
spent an awful lot of his career doing
business in China we have no idea how
much money he made doing that we do know
that along the way
Walker internalized a lot of the
attitudes of China's totalitarian
government during our interview we asked
Walker what he thought of China's
lockdowns here's what he said
now credible reports suggest that
Chinese authorities locked people in
their apartments and left them to die we
know they snatch people off the street
and threw them into police vans God
knows where they went
that's the quarantine that you think
they deserve high praise for why well I
think Tucker if you just look at the
results okay so I know there's always
going to be questions about exactly what
the numbers are but I think the harsh
action that they took given the scale at
China and the number of big cities in it
was exactly what they needed to do to be
able to prevent the outbreak from going
any further and the reality is the
outbreak hasn't gone much beyond Wuhan
so the secret police kidnapping citizens
off the street authorities locking
people in their apartments from the
outside until they starve just look at
the results all of that Walker said was
quote exactly what they needed to do
this is the view of one of America's
most prominent business leaders he did
not seem ashamed to say it in fact later
in our interview Walker suggested that
American authorities could have done the
same things in New York if only they'd
gotten an earlier start kind of a shame
they didn't your jaw dropped watching it
but here's the striking thing nobody
seemed to notice that he said it Walker
didn't find himself in the front page of
the New York Times the next morning no
one in American business denounced him
he went home to bed and that was it so
Talat arianism does not shock us anymore
maybe that's because all of a sudden
it's all around us you may have seen
this tape already if not you've likely
seen many more like it in the past few
weeks two armed officers arrived at a
family's home in Wisconsin someone has
reported the mother to police for
arranging a play date for her daughter
that's now a crime
here's what happened next are you aware
that we're in a stay at home order right
now yeah obviously yes okay you're aware
that I am away I need to explain that to
you
why are you here because your daughter
is going to play at other people's home
and you're allowing it to happen
stop having your kid go by other
people's home are we done here no we're
not okay I'm not giving it to you I
haven't done anything wrong okay and
that'll be documented too that you're
uncooperative you are uncooperative that
will be documented notice the tone they
strike with this mother they are
standing on her property uninvited
hectoring her about the so called crime
of allowing her daughter to play outside
the house they're not apologizing for
this they're not embarrassed to be
carrying out an order that has no basis
in science they are utterly
self-confident they treat her with pure
contempt like a peasant and later the
Calumet County Sheriff's Department
posted an account of what happened on
their Facebook page in it they refer to
that mother's mobile home six times just
you know she was in a mobile home
oh just a prole just a peasant shut up
and obey who cares what she thinks they
believe they have the right to do that
the question is where exactly do they
get that right that's a good question
it's a question that we are strongly
discouraged from asking the short answer
is governor's told them they could never
in American history have politicians
been more powerful than they are now
effectively they are gods
in the state of Maine for example
Governor Janet Mills now has the power
to suspend any law she doesn't like she
can seize any state resource she feels
like seizing she can force any citizen
or all citizens from their home she can
do all of this for as long as she wants
as long as she believes Maine is in a
state of emergency in fact there's
virtually nothing that Janet Mills can't
now do many governors now have these
powers JB Pritzker is the governor of
Illinois on Monday Pritzker did his best
to explain why his word is now law in
the state it has to be law he explained
otherwise thousands would die
the stay-at-home order has prevented
tens of thousands of illnesses and
thousands of deaths history will
remember those who put politics aside to
come together to keep people safe
it will also remember those who so
blindly devoted to ideology and the
pursuit of personal celebrity that they
made an enemy of science and of reason
in three sentences Governor Pritzker
framed himself as a leader of historic
statue those who doubt his decrees are
quote enemies of science and recent
enemies of civilization itself enemies
of the state two days later on Wednesday
this Wednesday it emerged that
Pritzker's own wife who has her own
state employees was one of these people
his wife apparently had violated the
lockdown herself governor Pritzker was
asked about this here's how he responded
what is your response to people who say
the stay-at-home order and non-essential
travel bans aren't being abided by your
family I believe there's a report from
Illinois rising action that says that
she recently traveled to Florida well
first of all I want to say that in
politics it used to be that we kept our
families out of it you know my official
duties have nothing to do with my family
so I'm just not going to answer that
question it's inappropriate and I find
it reprehensible honestly that that that
reporter wrote a story about it yeah how
dare someone cover that asking about
whether or not JB Pritzker's own family
is obeying the order that your family is
morally obligated to follow is quote
inappropriate indeed the governor says
it is reprehensible how dare you it
would be very useful in moments like
this to have an independent media news
organizations exist to hold the powerful
to account here we have the powerful
acting with no accountability at all
and our news media they are cheering it
on besotted fangirls no abuse is too
grotesque for them no talking point is
too stupid to repeat reporters will do
whatever they are told they are all in
MSNBC recently said a camera crew to
document one of the latest and most are
well Yin developments in America's
descent into Chinese style social
control Barking drones that harangue
citizens from the air MSNBC was
delighted by it Elizabeth New Jersey is
now using drones to spread the
life-saving message move away from each
other commands the state of New Jersey
break it up your god-given right to free
assembly has been suspended indefinitely
back inside proles or you will face the
consequences MSNBC applauds this as if
it's all completely normal in fact it is
they tell us a life-saving message
handmaidens to the corona security state
but to their credit at least MSNBC put
it on television most outlets don't even
bother to cover stories like this the
other day prosecutors in New Jersey
charged nine people for daring to
participate in a Jewish wedding in their
backyard a few months ago that would
have made the news for 250 years
Americans have enjoyed the unfettered
right to practice their faith as they
choose now they don't it happened
overnight
last month Christians across the country
were legally prohibited from celebrating
Easter in their own churches the
national media barely noted it how
exactly is this happening what turns out
that's not clear strangely not raining
people have asked politicians have no
right to do any of this they cannot make
it illegal for people to go to religious
services the Constitution of the United
States expressly prohibits that the
words could not be clearer the First
Amendment explicitly prevents government
from making any law that inhibits the
exercise of religious faith that's not a
detail or a footnote it is a cornerstone
of our history and of our legal system
millions of people probably your
ancestors fled to this country from
around the world precisely because our
Bill of Rights gave them this guarantee
it's why this country was founded and in
a moment it's gone how where did
politicians get the authority to do this
because some elderly power drunk
epidemiologists told them to do it
that's not how our
system works it can't work that way
occasionally you hear someone complain
about this some lonely civil libertarian
will fret that we may be on a slippery
slope toward losing our rights
if only we're already there we've slid
to the bottom of that slope our rights
are gone no one has explained how
politicians are allowed to do this
where's the authority come from how can
they override the Constitution nobody
seems to care they're too afraid but if
you think this moment is scary consider
what might come next
now that we've seated all authority in
the country to our political leaders
what can't they do what are the limits
to their power that's not a theoretical
question it's not an argument over
philosophy or political theory it is the
most practical possible question the
answer will define where this country
goes next what can't politicians do in
the name of public health as it stands
politicians won't let people worship or
work or go to school or see their aging
parents they place the nation under
house arrest that's happening today
right now but let's say we all get more
afraid what then what couldn't they
start doing could they in turn people
seriously you can dismiss the
possibility of that if you like but
remember that just a few months ago most
of us would have dismissed as ludicrous
the possibility that propaganda spewing
drones would be hovering above now we
have them so what's next
what can't they do let's draw a line at
some point